macos/README.md, before:


# Apple Mail macOS Tutorial

This short tutorial will show you how to configure Apple Mail on your macOS for use with Lavabit.
If you continue having difficulty after following this tutorial please email us at support@lavabit.com.

# Step One

![Step One](https://github.com/lavabit/tutorials/blob/master/macos/step1.png "Step One")

To add your Lavabit Account to the mail app on macOS, open your mail application. If you already have a mail account setup, open mail application go to Mail > Add Account. Then select Other Mail Account. Click Continue.

# Step Two

![Step Two](https://github.com/lavabit/tutorials/blob/master/macos/step2.png "Step Two")

Enter the name you would like to have displayed to your recipients. Enter your Lavabit email address and password in the Email and Password fields.

# Step Three

![Step Three](https://github.com/lavabit/tutorials/blob/master/macos/step3.png "Step Three")

Under the Incoming Mail Server add either the IMAP or POP server. Under Outgoing Mail Server add the SMTP server. Leave User Name empty. Click Sign In.

# Step Four

![Step Four](https://github.com/lavabit/tutorials/blob/master/macos/step4.png "Step Four")

Finally, after it verifies and syncs with the mail server. Select mail and click Done.

You should see a message from the Lavabit Support Team in your Inbox. You can also try sending an e-mail to make sure your outgoing mail works as well.

For most users, this is the happy ending to the story. If you hit a snag, please email us at support@lavabit.com.

Commit message:

Change in MacOS description
added description which intimates user about the message "Unable to verify account name or password"

macos/README.md, after:


# Apple Mail macOS Tutorial

This short tutorial will show you how to configure Apple Mail on your macOS for use with Lavabit.
If you continue having difficulty after following this tutorial please email us at support@lavabit.com.

# Step One

![Step One](https://github.com/lavabit/tutorials/blob/master/macos/step1.png "Step One")

To add your Lavabit Account to the mail app on macOS, open your mail application. If you already have a mail account setup, open mail application go to Mail > Add Account. Then select Other Mail Account. Click Continue.

# Step Two

![Step Two](https://github.com/lavabit/tutorials/blob/master/macos/step2.png "Step Two")

Enter the name you would like to have displayed to your recipients. Enter your Lavabit email address and password in the Email and Password fields.

# Step Three

![Step Three](https://github.com/lavabit/tutorials/blob/master/macos/step3.png "Step Three")

A message "Unable to verify account name or password" and additional fields appears. Under the Incoming Mail Server add either the IMAP or POP server. Under Outgoing Mail Server add the SMTP server. Leave User Name empty. Click Sign In.

# Step Four

![Step Four](https://github.com/lavabit/tutorials/blob/master/macos/step4.png "Step Four")

Finally, after it verifies and syncs with the mail server. Select mail and click Done.

You should see a message from the Lavabit Support Team in your Inbox. You can also try sending an e-mail to make sure your outgoing mail works as well.

For most users, this is the happy ending to the story. If you hit a snag, please email us at support@lavabit.com.
